# Analysis Engine

This is a Node Express application that handles incoming FHIR-formatted patient vital data and analyzes it for troubling conditions. It produces a simple green/yellow/red analysis against set thresholds as well as producing FHIR flags in cases of extreme weight gain (a key indicator of a critical congestive heart failure patient). 

## Data Prerequisites for Deployment

- **FHIR Server URL**
  - The analysis container uses the FHIR server to GET and POST vital data. The FHIR URL should be set by Helm or by .env.development when running locally.

## How Analysis Works

Data generated by the Data Generator command line tool ([README](../data-generator/README.md)) or the Bluetooth Mobile App ([README](../bluetooth-mobile-app/README.md)) will be submitted in a preliminary status when it is inserted into the FHIR database. This analysis engine application will query the FHIR server ([README](../fhir/README.md)) for all preliminary vitals on a set interval (default is every 5 seconds), then analyze those vitals to measure their status against set thresholds (green is healthy, yellow is slightly high or low, red is very high or low). This data is then submitted as finalized to FHIR and will show up on the React frontend application ([README](../dashboard/README.md)).

### Weight Analysis

Weight measurements are handled as a special case of vital and are analyzed as a trend over time. Each weight measurement is assessed against the previous days' weights. More than 2 lbs. weight gain over 24 hours (1 day) or more than 4 lbs. weight gain over 168 hours (7 days) is considered a red status (unhealthy), while all other conditions are considered a green status (healthy). The same red analysis condition writes a flag or 'triggering event' to FHIR to indicate to a clinician that patient requires attention. This 'bubbles the patient to the top' as a more noteworthy and prominent record and will also produce an in-app notification on the frontend application.

## Deploy via Helm

The **recommended** approach is to deploy all containers at once with the Helm chart in the parent directory. (see [README](./../README.md#get-started))

But, if you want to deploy this single container you can do so by setting the empty values in [`values.helm`](./helm/values.yaml) and then running

_NOTE: This approach will not work if you previously deployed with the parent chart. Running this command creates a new release, but cannot be used to modify an existing release._

``` bash
helm upgrade --install analysis helm
```

# Developer Notes

The analysis container can be run locally against a corresponding FHIR server container also running locally. Just be sure to generate data using the FHIR mode, not IoT Hub. 

A locally running analysis container will be required to allow vitals to show up on a locally running frontend. Otherwise vitals will not be considered final and the frontend will likely only show a patient with no set vitals.

**NOTE**: If multiple analysis containers are running against the same FHIR server (e.g. one is running in Kubernetes, one is running locally), it's possible that one will pick up and process the data unexpectedly. This is not a recommended approach. (Either run all containers locally or run all containers in a Kubernetes cluster).

## Prerequisite Software Needed for Developers

- [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)